menu "Generic Driver Options"

config UEVENT_HELPER_PATH
	string "path to uevent helper"
	depends on HOTPLUG
	default "/sbin/hotplug"
	help
	  Path to uevent helper program forked by the kernel for
	  every uevent.

config DEVTMPFS
	bool "Create a kernel maintained /dev tmpfs (EXPERIMENTAL)"
	depends on HOTPLUG && SHMEM && TMPFS
	help
	  This creates a tmpfs filesystem, and mounts it at bootup
	  and mounts it at /dev. The kernel driver core creates device
	  nodes for all registered devices in that filesystem. All device
	  nodes are owned by root and have the default mode of 0600.
	  Userspace can add and delete the nodes as needed. This is
	  intended to simplify bootup, and make it possible to delay
	  the initial coldplug at bootup done by udev in userspace.
	  It should also provide a simpler way for rescue systems
	  to bring up a kernel with dynamic major/minor numbers.
	  Meaningful symlinks, permissions and device ownership must
	  still be handled by userspace.
	  If unsure, say N here.

config DEVTMPFS_MOUNT
	bool "Automount devtmpfs at /dev"
	depends on DEVTMPFS
	help
	  This will mount devtmpfs at /dev if the kernel mounts the root
	  filesystem. It will not affect initramfs based mounting.
	  If unsure, say N here.

config STANDALONE
	bool "Select only drivers that don't need compile-time external firmware" if EXPERIMENTAL
	default y
	help
	  Select this option if you don't have magic firmware for drivers that
	  need it.

	  If unsure, say Y.

config PREVENT_FIRMWARE_BUILD
	bool "Prevent firmware from being built"
	default y
	help
	  Say yes to avoid building firmware. Firmware is usually shipped
	  with the driver, and only when updating the firmware a rebuild
	  should be made.
	  If unsure say Y here.

config FW_LOADER
	tristate "Userspace firmware loading support"
	depends on HOTPLUG
	---help---
	  This option is provided for the case where no in-kernel-tree modules
	  require userspace firmware loading support, but a module built outside
	  the kernel tree does.

config DEBUG_DRIVER
	bool "Driver Core verbose debug messages"
	depends on DEBUG_KERNEL
	help
	  Say Y here if you want the Driver core to produce a bunch of
	  debug messages to the system log. Select this if you are having a
	  problem with the driver core and want to see more of what is
	  going on.

	  If you are unsure about this, say N here.

config DEBUG_DEVRES
	bool "Managed device resources verbose debug messages"
	depends on DEBUG_KERNEL
	help
	  This option enables kernel parameter devres.log. If set to
	  non-zero, devres debug messages are printed. Select this if
	  you are having a problem with devres or want to debug
	  resource management for a managed device. devres.log can be
	  switched on and off from sysfs node.

	  If you are unsure about this, Say N here.

config SYS_HYPERVISOR
	bool
	default n

endmenu
